anyone who's watched even one video on
my youtube channel
what is your judgment my captor the
sound wildly improbable um are you
shocked this is my my secret life on the
Internet is that I try to meet us our
beacon you think I'd be ashamed of this
you think I'd have something to hide
with this profile really can't believe
the vegan movement has been hijacked
like people who are obsessed with weight
and losing weight being skinny and all
those things diet obsessed people good
night guys this is a message to
durianrider you're nothing but an
internet bullying it's just weak what
he's done the the bullying the count was
bullying I've seen posts where you know
he's threatening people at their
addresses girls you know and he says I
look I don't know what my young crazy
followers are gonna do you know you live
at this address and what a [ __ ] maths
it's just disgraceful people following
him how the [ __ ] has this guy rose to
fame accusing izalith odd firstly of
being a sexual predator then being an
extorter extorting young girls for money
I like to ponder what he did in return
for this money
perhaps he told them stories about his
adventures in Laos for 410 map you can
her about the time that I earn I almost
got eaten by a giant snake cost without
any evidence so that any regard to due
process due process innocent until
proven guilty the very cornerstone of
civilization the one thing that stops
are relatively structured society from
being [ __ ] a giant John Carpenter
movie but you're Ian Ryder doesn't need
this no he's above that the Jory and
Ryder is like you're innocent until Jory
and Ryder thinks you're guilty
then we'll find that we will find out
your address and come to your hotel room
and give you a kicking I don't know what
to say about this hey guys what's up um
you may or may not be aware that there's
a broader smear campaign against me
right now not just involving durianrider
but involving a number of his followers
and this video is not going to deal with
that too narrowly because when I make
videos I like to make content that's
still going to be meaningful five years
from now ten years from now that I could
look back on and watch in the future and
reflect on myself that my daughter could
see one day I have a three-year-old
daughter who lives in France and Germany
with my ex-wife naturally enough um you
know uh so the struggle in these
situations is to reach through the
morass of meaninglessness and pull out
something meaningful for us to talk
about but obviously the actual
allegations made against me would be
emotionally devastating perhaps to the
average person we could say to many
people - most people I don't know to me
it is hilarious at an earlier stage of
this you may or may not have noticed if
you read very carefully the text on
screen in the earlier video I put up
already showing you exactly what your
reminder said you could have picked out
the detail that at an earlier stage they
were claiming that I was using a false
name generally you know I found this
hilarious and I showed them my passport
although that's a completely
unreasonable demand to make when you've
threatened to beat someone up to abduct
them when you've made threats of
violence against someone and when you've
really defamed them you've really
committed defamation in the strict legal
sense it's completely ridiculous for you
to then say oh yes and I need a favor
could you could you provide me with your
your passport number it would take you
first another but you know as many other
things that conversation they kept
making a reasonable demands and I kept
saying great let's do it
you know they said they they
had a criminal case against me they
wanted to recipe and I said great let's
go to the police station okay yeah okay
you want to arrest me let's do it you
want to put me in jail all right I'm
game and all right away those things
collapse in many many ways this has been
a process of my calling the Bluff of the
other side however in their desperation
to find anything to to indict me with
they figured out that I have a profile
on a website called couchsurfing I'm
gonna show you that profile I'm gonna
show you what it says just a second here
and I guess enough people don't know
what that website is to imagine there's
something sexy or scandalous about that
it's the least sexy thing in my life but
look more broadly more deeply more
meaningfully I'm gonna take this as an
opportunity flecked on my my love life
and my my interactions with the fairer
sex I love the fact that these
indictments against me alternate between
presuming that I have a really hard time
getting a girlfriend or meeting women
like as if this way I'd have to work
hard to do and the other hand accusing
me of having like a ton of women Lea
they simultaneously are creating four
things about me like I've just gotta
I've just got a gang of girlfriends you
know and then the other hand they're
also insulting me by suggesting I'm like
desperate or working hard to get with
women uh look I may not be attractive to
you personally whoever you are watching
this video but life is not fair I am in
the group of men who never had trouble
attracting women ever not when I was a
teenager that was that not when I was an
adult etc what I had trouble with was
finding women I could respect and have a
meaningful relationship with not old men
have this hang-up some men you know are
quite willing to have romances with any
woman who's interesting them I alas was
not like that so although I am NOT a
conservative politically it is true that
I have had a very conservative sex
in many ways and there are all kinds of
funny you know contradictions and
contrasts that come out of that I have a
memory I honestly I can't say it's a
fond memory oh you have a memory in high
school you know there was a girl and she
was one year older than me in the high
school system but at that age you know
that's a big difference so you know if
you're 17 and she's 18 or like I forget
I forget what the ages are I'm 15 and
she's 16 whatever she's a year ahead of
me you know that's a big difference and
this particular girl I remember one year
it was the last day of school for that
year and then there's the summer
vacation you start the next year the
next year about the school calendar I
remember one day I saw her in the
schoolyard on the last day of school
that year and she was a year older than
me and she was already living completely
like an adult she lived in an apartment
with her boyfriend and so I forget what
age she was she was older than me but
her boyfriend was even older so like her
boyfriend was 22 or something
he was like an adult he had a job and
you know she didn't live with her
parents she obviously wasn't a virgin
she smoked cigarettes she drank alcohol
and like you know she was already at the
stage where drinking alcohol wasn't
exciting it was just the normal part of
her life she was living like an adult
and that on that day that last day that
school year I I was still absolutely
living like a child I had never had a
job I live with my parents on and I
remember I looked at her she was wearing
a leather jacket
I was not vegan at the time of course
and I thought you know what next year
that's an attainable goal for me I
didn't mean a girl like her
I meant her and I did it you know and
even though she had the boyfriend even
though she was so much more mature it's
fisken to me and you know the funny
thing is for me that wasn't the first
woman I pursued that was like the last
you know it was the first and the last
that was the last time when I really
made an effort to you know to seduce
someone to really be appealing to a
member of the opposite sex and it's a
very strange you know memory for me that
relationship and I know it made a big
impression on her you know cuz even at
that age I already was an intellectual
and she had never met anybody like me
she'd never met anyone who talked about
history and politics and literature and
the things I talked about the way I did
and so you know that was kind of exotic
and exciting for her and you know again
you may not find me good-looking doesn't
doesn't matter much to me but I've just
never had a problem that way and I
bumped into her again by complete chance
years later when I was in university
when I was approximately in my last year
of university let's say so again even
though not none of us are old you feel a
lot older I mean the difference between
whatever the middle of high school in
your last year of university you've
matured a lot in so many ways but I
bumped into a by complete chance and you
know when I bumped into her that
couldn't really tell for sure it seemed
like she was still sprung on me that
she's still really had a crush on me or
still had a connection to me and then I
remember I gave her my phone number
because we talked a little bit you know
we should have chessington and that time
I wasn't interested in her at all
anymore but then I remember she got on
the phone with me and she wouldn't stop
calling me and you know I found out that
she really was she really was still
sprung on me and she still had that
connection from that experience
you know but I mean for me the real
conclusion of that romance which really
was my first romance was that I could
you know start a relationship with women
that certainly other guys my age would
have considered unattainable sir I
haven't even described her physically
she was very striking she was tall and
attractive and again unlike normal high
school girls she also knew how to dress
like an adult and really live like an
adult which made her look very different
from the other women the other girls are
young women in that high school um but
you know for me really the final
conclusion of that was that I realized
that had to be with someone else who was
an intellectual also in some way so I've
talked about that in the internet before
and I've made I've written articles
about it I have written about my love
life uh partly because there's nothing
scandalous about it and you know I do
kind of reflect philosophic on those
things and you know in in less
philosophical moments like lately when I
was joking around with vegan cheetah
I've said look you know I have to be
less of a snob I have to start having
relationships with more kind of normal
people because the way I've lived my
life since that time since I was a
teenager you know really you narrow your
life tremendously if you have an idea of
what it means to be an intellectual what
it means to live a life of integrity and
then you only open your door literally
and metaphorically to people who fit
that type it's more of a challenge I
mean to have a relationship you know
even a failed romantic literally you
know where you start dating someone and
then give up before things get a bit too
have to have a relationship with someone
who's who's different from you in those
ways in those ways that are most
precious to you most important to you
it's like for me I care about history
and politics I'm a certain type of
intellectual for me to have a
relationship with someone who has none
of those things in common with me is
challenging but you know I do think at
this age maybe I should you know take up
that challenge um anyway say I am NOT
scandalized or mortified or emotionally
hurt by the allegations
I also know they're completely untrue
and I have not met or spoken anyone like
including on the internet who had any
suspicion that these allegations were
true that's partly because you know it's
not the first time during Ryder has
played this game even his core fans have
now seen this played out again and again
and you know in the English language we
have a popular story called the boy who
cried wolf you may have never heard of
that story you may have grown up playing
video games and have never heard the
story of the boy who cried wolf but you
know if you have a false alarm too many
times people start to get suspicious and
also people know me because I'm open and
relaxed about the reality well my life
is in this way but look so the current
accusation it's now have shifted because
one accusation after another has proven
to be Hollow and baseless and I just
replied in a kind of self confident open
way oh ok you got criminal charges
against me let's hear them let's go to
the police station I'll meet you there
no problem you don't have to arrest me
I'll volunteer oligo to the police
station
oh no there are no criminal charges ok
so what what do you want to do what's
this about you know but just the concept
of the website couchsurfing he's
apparently exotic and strange enough to
people that they can make this up so
look I'll tell you about the website
coercive in a second so this is not
super boring first let me just read you
my profile here the about me page
encourage them you can decide if this
sounds to you like a tremendously
sexy and appealing image that I'm
portraying I mean you know hey takes all
sorts about me vegan and then as the
Chinese characters for vegan ie more
strict than merely vegetarian that's the
first thing in my description myself
what does that tell you I am especially
interested in meeting other vegans while
I am in Thailand and while I am in China
etc does this sound like a lie to you
what do you think anyone who's watched
even one video on my youtube channel
what is your judgment like
there the sound wildly improbable to you
out are you shocked this is my my secret
life on the internet is that I try to
meet us are vacant um I have a YouTube
channel period about ninety percent of
it lately is talking about ikan it's
obviously I'm leading a double life here
obviously this profile is a complete
fiction and you know I mean there's just
no resemblance the real me and you know
my great secret has been discovered by
these people were trying to denounce me
what a shame
how I participate in couchsurfing I use
couchsurfing to meet other people with
common interests you can't rely on
chance to cross paths with people it's
very true you know what I was living in
countries like Cambodia you know how do
you meet other people who speak English
you know if English is your main
language coach surfing was at that time
a great way to do that
I feel the website in many ways it's
actually kind of lost its vitality
but in the past there was a period of
time when you really could use
couchsurfing to meet people with with
similar neurs when I lived in Cambodia
you know I would try to meet other hosts
and you know um in many ways I wish I
discovered it sooner but I think it's a
little bit past its prime the website
now is kind of dead and I coach them in
experience I met a few interesting
people in all corners of the world -
couchsurfing and similar websites
obviously if English is your first
language this is the laziest way to meet
other people who speak English living in
Asia or anywhere else true interests
animals vegetarian vegan Buddhist boy I
guess I should delete the Buddhist
that's probably I probably had that tag
I didn't notice since I was a Buddhist
I'm now an ex Buddhist identify as an
historical nihilist but anyway but oh
but my nihilism comes out here you see
decent books through Citadis then I have
the Chinese name for the acidities and
Herodotus but no I can't read Greek so
you know among the people who are hating
on me you know if you want to make a
scandal why don't you take the time and
energy and look into through cities and
Herodotus there's some really sexy stuff
and Herodotus especially you'll be much
more gratifying for you than looking
into my private life and trying to
defame me on the internet and the way
you guys have been
one amazing thing I've done true story
I'm in a remote village on the loud
Burmese border and some of the villagers
are about to slaughter a pig the men who
are sharpening the knife to slit the
animal's throat request that I chant in
Pali the canonical language of Buddhism
so the pig will be reincarnated as a
human being I laugh and I reply that
they're asking the wrong question they
should be asking me to chant so they
won't be reborn as pigs true story did I
mention that I'm vegan look guys if
you're just vaguely familiar with my web
presence on YouTube or otherwise none of
this could be a shock or scandal to
anyone now if you don't know like look
let's say Coach surfing was a dating web
site it was a moment it's not it's not a
dating web site but if it was so what
you think I'd be ashamed of this you
think I'd have something to hide with
this profile really you know compared to
so ridiculous um but you know yeah
that's my couchsurfing profile in case
you hadn't found it that this scandal is
manufactured out of now at the moment I
do not in the past like a few years ago
I did use a dating website but I mean
you know if if I had a dating website I
wouldn't be ashamed either so what ya
know couchsurfing could you say briefly
about the website it is a website where
you host people so you invite people
into your home to stay for free for the
night and you know you get to know each
other now in principle it's not a dating
website it's not supposed to be used for
sex or romance but of course in reality
people do meet and fall in love and if
you search on the internet you can do a
Google search for five minutes there are
stories people who got married you know
of course like anything I mean almost
every website that involves people
meeting each other some people fall in
love but the purpose of the website is
actually not romantic now among the
other things used to try to make this
seem more salacious than it really is is
the assertion which is not based on
evidence actually contradicted by the
evidence that I only use this website to
me women
which has not been true and in fact the
proof of that is on the same profile so
these are the reviews you get you may
ask well with the website couchsurfing
how do people trust each other enough to
invite someone into their home and you
know let them sleep on their couch for
the night well this is part of it is
that people give reviews to each other
so here are two reviews I have from
heterosexual adult men and neither of
them are young I think the first guy
he's a man about 50 I forget I will Diaz
and get old he is now Hermes and then
another one from Timothy they're both
very positive reviews hermes says that
I'm a fascinating host I shared my
advanced understanding of an area of
mutual interest oh gee I didn't so this
is very flattering he says that I'm a
well of deep knowledge but I'm happy to
talk about personal and mundane subjects
of laws boy you know that sorry you guys
can read this ourselves this is actually
a you know extremely flattering review
oh and I didn't realize you had to click
to read more so he all right uh he this
is that one's longer anyway so I took
the screen shot without realizing that
but anyway this is an effusive ly
positive review about what a wonderful
guy I am to have a conversation with
again perhaps not shocking if you watch
this YouTube channel it's not to
everyone's taste my youtube channel but
some people including adult heterosexual
men are very happy to meet me and I do
like you know uh her meets widowed he's
he's actually vegetarian but not vegan
and then there's another one from
Timothy here I'm still in touch with him
that guy Hermes I mean we still have
email contact and so on but yeah that's
that's why people use couchsurfing to
try to build community try to build you
know meaningful relationships some kind
uh Timothy says I enjoy two very nice
days in Taitung with Zell I'm easily
suspicious if people seem to nicer
accommodating such was the case of Zell
but after leaving his home in
hospitality of two days I already miss
him
Wow semi you can read the rest of that
again this is actually public I mean you
know these people are making up rumors
about me as if there's something sexy
about my coach terrific profile if there
isn't i'm a yo for one heterosexual man
to say that to another actually is a
very rare
where he says that he he misses me after
not seeing me for two days again I
forgotten I didn't realize these were
such positive reviews but they say I'm a
wonderful host they say staying over at
my house for a couple nights is a
wonderful experience
there you go I didn't think I'd be
bragging about that on on youtube today
but these accusations against me have
thought this out of me so that funny
stuff
um look at you know these people they're
looking to create a scandal out of
nothing and like I said with the boy who
cried wolf or whatever example you want
to use they did this all before with
Hannah and Jason it was you know make up
any story make up any fiction and try to
use the internet and even telephone
calls you know remember they they phoned
Jason's mom and try to fabricate fake
things from the internet I mean you know
there's no real limit to how low they'll
go the difference is in dealing with me
they're dealing with somebody who isn't
hurt by this
I'm not upset by this and I know other
people have been emotionally devastated
by it
my plan for this Eden was actually to
make a video talking about that kind of
emotional devastation could evidence be
speaking with some people here face to
face also by Skype also over the
Internet people who dealt with the
emotional devastation of this and I'm
and I'm at the middle of it but I'm not
emotionally devastated you know to me
this is a joke and you know coincidence
it happens that I'm a person who's not
fastidiously private about his sex life
and look I mean with with couchsurfing
so it's not a dating website it would
have you but I mean I remember not too
long ago there was a woman who was over
35 years old who was vegan and who was a
single mom so she was a vegan single mom
and you know I wasn't in love with her
or anything but she wrote me some
messages within the same website then
couchsurfing and I wrote back to her
saying yeah you know I'd be interested
to meet you for coffee
yep you address that there to me there's
nothing shameful about that now it
didn't happen we never met up but you
know you know for me and principal
I only you know it's a website you only
know a few things
you know she's vegan you know her age
you know a few interests that she'll in
her case also a lot of my a lot of my
life has been in studying languages and
for her also studying and teaching
languages as part of like okay G this is
someone I have low income with I'd like
to meet up with her um could that have
been a romantic connection possibly but
you know the vast majority of times you
just meet people with an open mind and
an open heart you find out who they are
and that most of the time if that's
nothing possible you know most the time
it's I there gonna be a friendship or
nothing at all because that's that's
life and having a mature and detached
attitude towards that is part of it but
look guys I mean of the two stereotypes
ago be currently being profound 'add one
that I just have a gang of women after
me all the time and the other that
somehow I've got to work hard to meet
women or get get relationships started
these are two mutually incompatible
interpretations of my life and the
reality of my life is has been put so
plainly and so honestly on the internet
that no interpretation is necessary
thank you all for your support the
comments have been overwhelmingly
positive not just on my own web sites on
web sites like Reddit on discussion
forums on Facebook and all kinds of
forums where I have no control and where
nobody's censoring them 99.9% of people
have been in my corner and the truth is
this whole fiasco is really like an
intelligence test for the faux furs of
freelee and durianrider because you get
to find out who is dumb enough to fall
for it because there's nothing
convincing about the illusions they've
been putting out but a very very small
number of people choose to believe them
anyway
it's like he's actually apologizing he's
apologizing with sincerity and then back
up or is his additional plan [ __ ]
choice a man